&ensp;&ensp;This class was a bit of a mixed bag of: I really enjoyd the topics, and the instruction was lacking at best. I was given a few tutorials to follow on C#, JavaScript, and JQuerey, which I feel, and felt, were totally inadequate at teaching me anything useful. The homework assignments were my first fouray into web development, and I really didn't enjoy it at the time. Getting into MVC was the hardest thing I had done up to this point. I couldn't really wrap my head around the controllers and how they interacted with models and views, and there wasn't anything that I was provided or able to find that clarified my confusions. I was ensure by the professor that it wasn't a big deal if I didn't understand it, as assignment 3 was the only time I would ever see it... that was either a blatant lie or just really bad misinformation since the whole of the senior sequence was MVC. I know how to use MVC very well now, and feel like I can make some really great thing with it, but at the time of this class, I was begenning to question if I even wanted to continue if web developement was my future. I actually have grown to like it quite a bit now, so there's nothing to be concerned about now and I'm quite happy working on websites.

&ensp;&ensp;This class was intended to be an independent study class because of a scheduling problem with my advisor at Western. My original advisor was marking all of their students as "Met and cleared to sign up for classes", despite never actually communicating with students. Several times I reached out to them to ensure I was taking the right classes, or had the right schedule planned for the coming terms, and the only response I got - if I ever got one - was always a short, "Yes, you're clear to sign up for next term". They never actually answered any of my questions so I figured I was ok... This led me to actually be taking classes that were for the wrong catalogue year - they provided me with the wrong set of classes - so I was actually behind for my senior year, and needed only this single class that wasn't provided during the last term of the year normally but without it I wouldn't be allowed to take the senior sequence and would have to waste a whole year waiting. 

&ensp;&ensp;I eventually got a new advisor after filing numerous complaints with the school and finding out that my initial advisor had basically gone MIA and was just clearing students... so that was nice. I was ensure by my new advisor, who also was the professor for this class, that they would be available as much as possible to help me with anything I didn't understand. That basically boiled down to really delayed responses, and the single assignment I couldn't get to work at all being removed from the grade book with no explaination. This was a weird class, and I really feel like I should have gain a lot more knowledge from it than I did. I was able to pick up the remaining short comings from this class during my senior sequence, but it made that collection of classes much harder initially.

# HW 1
&ensp;&ensp;This is just a really simple HTML project with several pages showing that we understood how to make such a project and use different things such as lists, tables, and links.

# HW 2
&ensp;&ensp;This was a weird assignment. We were given a bunch of JavaScript before we even knew the language, and were told to convert it into C# and make the program run. I had never done this type of thing before, so it totally new to me and rather difficult. I feel that if I had prior knowledge of JavaScript from an earlier class that should have been manditory, that this would have gone much smoother. I hated this assignment, but managed to get it working all the same.

# HW 3
&ensp;&ensp;This was an open ended assignment. We were allowed to make any kind of program we wanted, it just needed to make use of JavaScript to do some kind of calculation. Nothing too complex here, a simple loan calculator was what I went with.

# HW 4
&ensp;&ensp;This was my demon of the class. A color interpolator. There was actually 6 other students taking this class at the same time, and we were all connected with eachother so we could communicate and help eachother out, and not a single person understood how to do this properly. Of the 6 students, I got the second farthest on it. The only student that made it farther was able to input numbers and get the button to work, but nothing else. We weren't provided any kind of assistance on combining JavaScript into an MVC project, nor any help on the problems we had with doing so. This assignment oddly just dissapeared from the grade book after everyone was messaging the professor and their advisors begging for help. I believe I got a C on this assignment, but 4/6 people got an F because we just didn't have enough info to make this work. This would be easy for me to go back and do now after graduating... maybe I will do that at some point.

# Party Invites
&ensp;&ensp;This was mostly a "Follow the tutorial" type of assignment with a few parts that we had to figure out on our own. We had to create the views from scratch, and code the body of the controllers and models. I feel like, with better instruction, this could have been a very useful assignment but no one in the class really felt like we gained much from doing this one at the time.

# Final Solution
&ensp;&ensp;This was a totally self led project for our final. We were given the simple topic of "You are planning a company vacation" with a few small requirements such as how many unique pages, an interactive piece, needing an RSVP and food choice page. Beyond that, we got to pick everything else we did in the assignment. This was built from the ground up, and I used the RSVP portion of the **Party Invites** program since I liked the way it looked/ran.

# Recrodings For Assignments
&ensp;&ensp;If you want to hear my thoughts and see the programs running, eachone has a recording in this file. 