&ensp;&ensp;CS 364, Information Management... this was a trip. I don't think any of us had actually used SQl before this class, and we were thrown head first into it. This was by no means, an easy class. Everyone struggled not only with the concepts, but the instruction of this class. We were given instruction on very simple topics, and then assignments on very complex topics by comparison, or at least that's how it felt. We learned in class about simple SQL statements, and then were told to chain them all together in really unique ways to achieve complex things that none of us understood. 

&ensp;&ensp;While I feel like this was a very important class and taught us some very important/useful things, the instruction let us all down. When we had a misunderstanding or simply just didn't understand the instruciton at all, which was all too common, we were basically told to figure it out or fail. There's merit in that mentality, but it made the class much harder than it needed to be. I came out of it with an A still, so that's good, but I would have liked a different manner of teaching. This was taken during COVID over Zoom, so that didn't help with instruciton problems at all.

&ensp;&ensp;The SQL lines are all in .docx files since that was how we were instructed to submit them. Lab 2, if memory serves me correct, was the hardest thing we did in this class. The SQL statements were the most involved and took a large amount of time to get them right. 

&ensp;&ensp;**Join, exists**, and anything to do with **unions** were things that were blitzed over in class in all of about 5 minutes combined, and then we were expected to understand and use them. They were in-fact, not easy to understand from the perspective of students who had never used them before, so that was fun. Yet another class that made me really respect those who are SQL experts and understand the true power that those individuals have.