# **Test Plan**

## File to Test, 1: **PeopleRepository**
>* What I would need to test here is the method titled *HighestOccuranceActor*. It's fairly simple, it looks through the People database and finds the one actor that has occured the most. 
>* I would want to check to make sure that the only people who show up are in fact, actors, and not directors. I would try and force this to look at a list of only directors and see what I got back. I'm guessing it would send back just an empty name and not blow up, but I'm not sure without testing it. 
>* In addition to that, I would want to make sure that it showed the correct number for how many of their shows are available is accurate. Changing the value of this number and making sure it still came back correctly would be needed.

## File to Test, 2: **GenreRepository**
>* The easiest one here to test is the very first method in the file after the constructor, *GetGenreList*. This could be as simple as giving it a list with a bunch of string values, what they actuallly say doesn't really matter, and make sure that this funciton returns a list of strings that matches what I gave it.	
>* The second thing to test here would be the method named *Top5GenresDescending*. Still fairly simple to test, just make sure the list it sends back is only **5** entries long, is in **descending order**, and has the **correct 5 entries**. I could see the bennifits behind sending it *3 different lists* to test on. The first would be a *randomized list*, second would be a list that is already *in descending order*, and third would be a list that is *in ascending order*. I would then check to make sure that the 5 entries it sent back were **correct**, and **in the order expected**. 

## File To Test, 3: **ShowRepository**

>* The easist methods to test here would be *Newest*, *Oldest*, *MostIMDBVotes*, and *HighestTMDBPopularity*. Each one only checks for a single entry that satisfies the name, so it would be fairly simple to give eachone a list of shows and make sure that they each give back the expected entries.
>* A little more involved, *NumberOfShowsByType*, would need to be checked to make sure that all three of it's return values are accurate, those being:  **number of shows, movies, and tv shows**. Still fairly simple to check, send it a list with a known number of **total shows, tv shows, and movies**, and make sure the values it sends back are correct.
>* Moving on to much more involved methods, the next to test here is *HighestRatedShowInGenre10StringList*. This name is a mouth full but it gets the point across. I would want to test this with **multiple genre strings**, and **both types of show** *(tv show or movie)*, and make sure that the list it sent back contained only **10 entries**. From there, I would want to check and make sure that it sent back either **tv shows** or **movies** only, depending on the **picked value**. I would have to iterate through all *10 entries* and make sure each one was a *tv show or movie*. 
>* This would also present a good opportunity to check what happens when a list that is **smaller than 10** is presented. I don't *assume* it would, but the code might break if it tries to **Take(10)** on a list of only 9, I'm not sure what would happen though so a test would be telling. 
>* After those checks, the next thing I would want to check would be that the list is *actually* the **expected list of 10**. The order doesn't matter here, so just making sure they are all the expected values from a larger collection would be the concern. Since this is sending back a **string**, I guess I could check to make sure it has **at least the minimum needed values** to create a table. I had to do some weird stuff to delimit the string with ** since commas wouldn't work and I wasn't sure if a movie or tv show would ever have just a single *, so I could check that the *splitting* of the returned lists results in at *least strings* for **title, release year, age cer, imdbscore, and at least one director**. Even if these are empty strings, there needs to be at least 4 of them to work. 
>* I found the **director** doesn't really matter if it's *empty* or just *non-existant*, but that could be another thing to test and make sure it works with. Sending in an **empty string** and seeing what happens would be interesting to see the results. 
>* Moving on to the most involved method, *HighestRatedShowInGenre10Lists*, again, a mouth full but it differentiates itself I feel with that mouth full. First and foremost, I would want to make sure that if a **show had no ImdbScore**, because for some reason a few are just *null*, that the code still works. **No errors** should be thrown, and any shows that have **no score** should end up **at the bottom of the list**, **AFTER** it is **sorted**. 
>* The *size* of the list **should never change**. When I get in a **list of 10**, it should always **return a list of 10** no matter what, with **no duplicates** as well. 
>* Arguably, the most important thing this method does is **orders the list** based on the **ratings**. So I would want to write a test to check and make sure that the *order of the shows* is **correct**, and in **descending order**. Since each one is a *string*, this would require quite a bit of *splitting* and then *iterating* through to make sure, and *possibly* even assigning each rating to a list in the order they are in the list I'm taking them from. From there, I would then *run a sort* on a **temp list** holding the same values and make sure that *both lists match* after *one of them* is sorted. 

## Final Thoughts
>* I don't think anything else can, or *needs* to be tested. The **StatsVM** is only making using of the methods mentioned above, and literally only does variable assignments, so there's nothing to test. If it doesn't assign variables correctly, then something else is going on. The only actual calcutaion that is kind of happening in there is a check to make sure a **genreChoice** is present. If it's not, then it doesn't do an assignment since the first time the **VM** is used, that doesn't have user input yet and would cause the program to crash if the check wasn't there.
>* The **Views** can't be tested just by their nature so nothing to worry about there.
>* The **Models** are completely unchanged from how they came in from the data base *scaffolding*, and there's no calculations so they shouldn't be, or need to be tested.
>* Inside of the **DAL>Abstract**, there's nothing there to be tested either. They are just interfaces.
>* For the **Controllers**, that can't be tested by it's nature. There's no real calculations going on there anyway. The only thing in there being checked is whether or not a user selected a **ShowType**. If they did, then it uses it. If they didn't, then it defaults to **Movies**. Since it's always going to default to a valid option, and it can only ever be one of two options from the user, I don't think that's really something that needs to be elsewhere to facilitate testing. I also don't know how I could pull that out to make it testable.